My name is Mascar Mahamba.
I love the preaching work.
However, my various illnesses prevent me
from giving my all in the ministry.
My first wife died, and we had six children.
I was alone with the six children,
and then I married Beatrice, who has five children.
Since we are living in the last days of the system,
it is not easy.
I like the example of Jesus who was passionate
about preaching the message that he shared.
But at the same time, he took into account the suffering
of the people of his time.
He would take time to show kindness, to encourage, and to heal.
The branch sees where there is a need,
and then organizes a humanitarian mission.
I believe I can use my medical skills to help our brothers.
It is love.
Not just inviting, but in action.
It's a real joy to help these brothers
who need us in remote locations, far from town.
It is always a pleasure.
Both the two are the same.
Both Edrams are completely perforated.
Well, we are here in the village of Wali Khaled,
in the middle of the forest.
On the main road, well, the only road in the village
it saves us our lives.
I can't bear to see anyone suffer,
so I use all my skills to try to find a solution.
What moves me to help the brothers is what Jesus said,
that there is more happiness in giving than in receiving.
Oh, a long day, really, very tiring.
But at the same time, there was an encouraging case,
brother Minya Karaguay, 68 years old, 10 years in regular,
per-near service, and he has 15 Bible studies.
This brother came from the territory on the motorcycle.
He took him two and a half hours on a very rough road,
instead of an hour and a half,
because he has a paralyzed leg.
And he was able to go back to his field service,
well, with some medication.
So it was really encouraging to see him getting on the motorcycle
with a smile on his face.
These are mosquito nets for those in need,
and there's a big need here,
so we give them to each family.
You know to protect your baby,
one of the best things is for him to sleep under a mosquito net.
Jehovah has done well,
because he has gone through you to provide us with care.
We are very grateful.
We thank the many brothers who have volunteered to service.
I thank Jehovah, because without him,
our identifying mark of unity wouldn't exist.
You have helped me. I had this problem for two years.
Now I'm so happy.
I will be able to hear at the meetings again. Thank you.
The brothers are aware that they must thank Jehovah,
and we ourselves are aware that all of this is possible.
Thanks to Jehovah's Holy Spirit and his organization.